TLS terminology: connection instead of session (#96)
radext-wg/draft-ietf-radext-radiusdtls-bis: draft-ietf-radext-radiusdtls-bis.md

Session resumption lowers the time and effort required to start a (D)TLS connection and increases network responsiveness.
This is especially helpful when using short idle timeouts.

RadSec clients and servers SHOULD implement session resumption.
Implementations supporting session resumption MUST cache data during the initial full handshake, sufficient to allow authorization decisions to be made during resumption.
For RADIUS/(D)TLS servers, this should preferably be done using stateless session resumption as specified in {{!RFC5077}}, to reduce the resource usage for cached data.

When establishing a (D)TLS connection with session resumption, both client and server MUST re-authorize the connection by using the original, cached data.
In particular, this includes the X.509 certificate (when using a PKIX trust model) as well as any policies associated with that identity such as restrictions on source IP address.
The re-authorization MUST give the same result as if a full handshake was performed at the time of resumption.

If cached data cannot be retrieved securely, resumption MUST NOT be done, by either immediately closing the connection or reverting to a full handshake.

> If a resumed connection is closed immediately after being established, the RADIUS/(D)TLS client MUST NOT re-attempt session resumption but perform a full TLS handshake instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a connection that used session resumption is closed immediately after being established, the RADIUS/(D)TLS client MUST NOT re-attempt session resumption but perform a full TLS handshake instead.
```

Re @fmauchle 's comment: maybe it's worth adding what we mean by "immediately after", e.g. "no data sent" or "closed after less than 5 seconds"

RADIUS/DTLS clients SHOULD NOT probe servers to see if they support DTLS transport.
Instead, clients SHOULD use DTLS as a transport layer only when administratively configured.

## Connection Management

Where RADIUS/TLS can rely on the TCP state machine to perform connection tracking, RADIUS/DTLS cannot.
As a result, RADIUS/DTLS implementations may need to perform DTLS connection tracking in the application layer.
This subsection describes logically how this tracking is done.
Implementations MAY choose to use the method described here, or another, equivalent method.
When implementations do not use the 5-tuple described below, note that IP address based policies MUST still be applied for all incoming packets, similar to the mandated behavior for TLS Session Resumption in {{tls_session_resumption}}.

We note that {{RFC5080, Section 2.2.2}}, already mandates a duplicate detection cache.
The connection tracking described below can be seen as an extension of that cache, where entries contain DTLS connections instead of RADIUS/UDP packets.

> ### Server Connection Management

Reviewer: I'm not exactly sure if we don't actually mean Session in this instance. Just as a reminder for me, so I don't forget.

Note that this 5-tuple is independent of IP address version (IPv4 or IPv6).

Each 5-tuple points to a unique connection entry, which usually contains the following information:

DTLS Connection:
: Any information required to maintain and manage the DTLS connection.

DTLS Data:
: An implementation-specific variable that may contain information about the active DTLS connection.
This variable may be empty or nonexistent.

: This data will typically contain information such as idle timeouts, connection lifetimes, and other implementation-specific data.

#### Connection Opening and Closing

Connection tracking is subject to Denial-of-Service (DoS) attacks due to the ability of an attacker to forge UDP traffic.
RADIUS/DTLS servers SHOULD use the stateless cookie tracking technique described in {{!RFC6347, Section 4.2.1}}.
DTLS connections SHOULD NOT be tracked until a ClientHello packet has been received with an appropriate Cookie value.
Server implementation SHOULD have a way of tracking DTLS connections that are partially set up.
Servers MUST limit both the number and impact on resources of partial connections.

> Connections (both 5-tuple and entry) MUST be deleted when the DTLS connection is closed for any reason.

Reviewer 2: Deleting a conection doesn't really make sense. Either it must delete data related to the connection or the session data (so session resumption is no longer possible)
